[MTM-61090] Added section about "Limits" tab for tenants (#2538)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/enterprise-tenant/managing-tenants-bundle/setting-limits.md

---
weight: 30
title: Setting limits
layout: redirect
helpcontent:
  - label: setting-limits
    title: Limits

>     content: "This tab allows you to view and edit resource limits for this tenant."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    content: "This tab allows you to view and edit resource limits for this tenant as well as to configure Gainsight tracking for your individual product experience."
```

---

The **Limits** tab allows you to view and edit resource limits for the tenant, as well as to assign an "External reference" and to enable/disable the Gainsight product experience tracking.

> ### To limit subtenant request rate {#to-limit-subtenant-request-rate}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### To limit the subtenant request rate {#to-limit-the-subtenant-request-rate}
```

Platform administrators can limit the request rate of each subtenant via the following custom properties:

> * Limit HTTP queue - limit of HTTP request queue for tenant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Limit HTTP queue: limit of the HTTP request queue for the tenant
```

> * Limit HTTP requests - limit of HTTP requests for tenant per second

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Limit HTTP requests: limit of the HTTP requests for the tenant per second
```

> * **Limit HTTP queue**: limit of the HTTP request queue for the tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Limit HTTP queue**: Limit of the HTTP request queue for the tenant.
```

> * Limit stream queue - limit of MQTT request queue for tenant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Limit stream queue: limit of the MQTT request queue for the tenant
```

> * **Limit HTTP requests**: limit of the HTTP requests for the tenant per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Limit HTTP requests**: Limit of the HTTP requests for the tenant per second.
```

> * Limit stream requests - limit of MQTT requests for tenant per second

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Limit stream requests: limit of the MQTT requests for the tenant per second
```

> * Limit stream requests: limit of the MQTT requests for the tenant per second

Reviewer 2: Missing termination character at the end of statement

Author: added

> * **Limit stream queue**: limit of the MQTT request queue for the tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Limit stream queue**: Limit of the MQTT request queue for the tenant.
```

> * **Limit stream requests**: limit of the MQTT requests for the tenant per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Limit stream requests**: Limit of the MQTT requests for the tenant per second.
```

> The request throttling mechanism is only enabled when both HTTP properties (limit HTTP queue and limit HTTP requests) are configured. If one of the values is omitted, it does not work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The request throttling mechanism is only enabled when both HTTP properties (limit HTTP queue and limit HTTP requests) are configured. If one of the values is omitted, other value is ignored and feature remains disabled.
```

Author: adjusted a bit and changed

{{< c8y-admon-important >}}
Rate limiting can be an effective countermeasure against threats like brute force login attempts, API abuse and request flooding thus reducing the number of malicious/unwanted traffic. This helps in protecting against DoS (Denial of Service) attacks and saving the available bandwidth for legitimate requests.
{{< /c8y-admon-important >}}

> It is also possible to customize the buffer size for the CEP queue and the data broker queue for a particular tenant. This can be done from the {{< management-tenant >}}. Contact your Operations team on how to configure this setting according to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also customize the buffer size for the CEP queue and the data broker queue for a particular tenant. This can be done from the {{< management-tenant >}}. Contact your Operations team on how to configure this setting according to your needs.
```

> ### To limit subtenant device number {#to-limit-subtenant-device-number}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### To limit the subtenant device number {#to-limit-the-subtenant-device-number}
```

> Platform administrators can limit the count of concurrently registered root devices or simply all devices (including child devices) via the property "Limit number of devices".

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Platform administrators can limit the count of concurrently registered root devices or simply all devices (including child devices) via the property **Limit number of devices**.
```

> They can view the peak number of concurrently registered devices, root devices and the peak value of used storage in the [Usage statistics](/enterprise-tenant/usage-and-billing/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the peak number of concurrently registered devices, root devices and the peak value of used storage in the [Usage statistics](/enterprise-tenant/usage-and-billing/) page.
```

### Product experience tracking {#product-experience-tracking}

> Using the checkbox **Enable Gainsight product experience tracking** a parent tenant can enable/disable the product experience tracking through the [Gainsight PX](https://www.gainsight.com/product-experience/) product experience software for the given child tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the parent tenant, use the checkbox **Enable Gainsight product experience tracking** to enable/disable the product experience tracking through the [Gainsight PX](https://www.gainsight.com/product-experience/) product experience software for the given child tenant.
```

> In the parent tenant, use the checkbox **Enable Gainsight product experience tracking** to enable/disable the product experience tracking through the [Gainsight PX](https://www.gainsight.com/product-experience/) product experience software for the given child tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the parent tenant, check the checkbox **Enable Gainsight product experience tracking** to enable/disable the product experience tracking through the [Gainsight PX](https://www.gainsight.com/product-experience/) product experience software for the given child tenant.
```

> At the tenant level, the product experience tracking by Gainsight can be disabled by turning off the cookie banner on the **Branding** page. For more information, see [Branding](/enterprise-tenant/customization/#branding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the tenant level, you can disable the product experience tracking by Gainsight by turning off the cookie banner on the **Branding** page. For more information, see [Branding](/enterprise-tenant/customization/#branding).
```

> When tracking is activated for a tenant, users are automatically tracked. However, the nature of this tracking depends on user consent. By accepting tracking, users permit the use of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) for tracking purposes. If users decline, their data is anonymized, ensuring privacy, yet tracking continues to capture usage data without personal identifiers. For more details, see [Accessing and logging into the platform](/get-familiar-with-the-ui/platform-access).

Reviewer: @pawel-rynarzewski-sag In "By accepting tracking, users permit .." could we also say "By accepting tracking, you permit ...."?

We try to avoid using "users" as much as possible.

Author: I don't think so, because here we address the tenant's administrator, while the mentioned "users" refer to other users of this tenant. Maybe:

```suggestion
If you activate tracking for the tenant, its users are automatically tracked. However, the nature of this tracking depends on their consent. By accepting tracking, they permit the use of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) for tracking purposes. If they decline, their data is anonymized to ensure privacy, though tracking will still capture usage data without personal identifiers. For more details, see [Accessing and logging into the platform](/get-familiar-with-the-ui/platform-access).
```
?

Author: @MWindel, do you have anything against the suggestion above?

Reviewer: @pawel-rynarzewski-sag No complaints from my side. Sounds good.
